so why'd I Haiti who are you here I
wanna chase adventures hello is this guy
[Music]
buckle what's it like not their own life
you're either sleep deprived or seasick
and after a few days there's that loosen
Asians
why did it it's a feeling I can't
describe this you and infinite horizon
how would you like to sail it has Hannah
to California verse what do you think
I think 4000 miles is insane I'm not
going anywhere without you I'm saying
with me
[Music]
yeah
thousands of miles from land bring on
any flight
that's like a 1,500 square miles which
area needle in the believe haystack
my ribs are broken my legs shut it I'm
dead weight these are the Hawaii take up
two thousand mile shot at the movie the
target if you miss Hawaii that's why we
died I can't do this you could do
anything you put your mind to
I said okay around the globe to find you
I'm not a new car
[Music]